hey naturals so I'm coming to you really
quick to show you the mini twists that I
finally finished I honestly can't tell
you how long these took because I've
been doing these for about two days now
probably a total of eight hours maybe
even a little longer in I did them in
section so I section my hair off in four
sections and I stretched it for
overnight with bands and then I just
took each section and just grabbed
sections of hair and just twist it all
the way through so they actually look
like pinkies was just like the last
small set of twisted I did but these are
actually way smaller than those in you
can see my hair is a lot fuller from
that last video that i did with small
twist the way that it is now so this is
my hair a little stretch I was going to
blow dry my hair out on cool air but
it's I I don't know I kind of chickened
out with doing that you know I've seen a
lot of Naturals go straight for the
winter time and blow drying their hair
and look I haven't seen I seen maybe a
couple that haven't come back and said
anything about heat damage but a lot of
Naturals are experiencing heat damage
now from blow drying and flat ironing
and even using the cool air I got scared
so I was like yeah no I'm gonna stretch
my hair instead so I stretched it and
this is my hair twisted on stretch so I
mean it's it's growing quite a bit I'm
still you know concerned about any
damage that I have from before but my
hair is it's it's a growing like crazy
so I'm very happy and very pleased with
that and these twists are awesome and I
plan on keeping them for about 3-4 weeks
possibly hopefully anyway but i'll let
you see the back and products and i use
it twist my hair was my shea butter mix
and I got the recipe from natural 85 on
YouTube it was her shea butter pommie
mix
shea butter pomade mix and a shea butter
moisturizer cream and I made them both
so i use the pomade to do my twist and
then i'll use the moisturizer cream
crane to refresh them every other day
and my ends and everything like that but
just showing you guys my style really
quick and how i'm going to be wearing
this for the next month and they're
awesome and they took me forever so i
hope you guys like him if you have any
questions or anything please just ask me
down in the description box below and if
i start styling them and doing special
things within my updos i'll come back
and let you guys see that other than
that see you later right
you